about how hard you hit it's about how
hard you can get hit and keep moving
forward who was the greatest who was the
best of all time if two athletes from
different years could actually compete
against one another who would come out
on top
in one corner the reigning champion and
Mason the line Dixon he'll be pitted
against the former two-time heavyweight
champion Rocky Balboa
buta says Rocky Balboa would be
triumphant there's some stuff in the
basement face yeah I think one I like
fight yeah nothing big small stuff like
locally what are you trying to prove I
thought you might want to get him
involved don't you think you to you know
I think your brains losing altitude
applied for a license you want me to
find a guy that I can beat with both
hands tied behind my back
that computer fight done a lot of people
curious yeah that I ain't interested in
getting like manual today are people
gonna think you're going crazy what's
crazy about standing toe-to-toe saying I
am if this is something that you've got
to do then you do it fighters fight to
beat this guy you need speed you don't
have it you've got calcium deposits on
most of your joints so sparring is out I
had that problem so what will be calling
on
blunt force trauma heavy-duty punches
his ancestors they wouldn't have to call
it an execution know when you're gonna
pick up where's their front legs that's
probably
[Applause]
Bobo
you